New Keyboard: HexBoard (#22493)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/hexboard/readme.md

# HexBoard

![HexBoard](https://i.imgur.com/8vtaXb7h.jpg)

*The HexBoard is a 140-key hexagonal MIDI controller which can double as a 120% keyboard*

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Zach DeCook](https://github.com/earboxer)
* Hardware Supported: Dev Unit with RP2040 Processor, HexBoard Production Unit (1.1)
* Hardware Not Supported: Dev Unit with Teensy Processor
* Hardware Availability:
	* HexBoard Production Unit (1.1) https://shapingthesilence.com/tech/hexboard-midi-controller/ Since 2023.

The ["Arduino" firmware](https://sr.ht/~earboxer/HexBoard/) remains the official firmware for the HexBoard, but QMK can be used as an alternative which offers keyboard functionality.

> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
>     make hexboard/1_1:default
>     make hexboard/dev:default
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
>     make hexboard/1_1:default:flash
>     make hexboard/dev:default:flash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make hexboard/1_1:default
    make hexboard/dev:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make hexboard/1_1:default:flash
    make hexboard/dev:default:flash
```

# HexBoard

> ![HexBoard](https://zachdecook.com/HexBoard/qmk.jpg)

Reviewer 2: This image should be rehosted on Imgur.

*The HexBoard is a 140-key hexagonal MIDI controller which can double as a 120% keyboard*

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Zach DeCook](https://github.com/earboxer)
* Hardware Supported: Dev Unit with RP2040 Processor, HexBoard Production Unit (1.1)
* Hardware Not Supported: Dev Unit with Teensy Processor
* Hardware Availability:
	* HexBoard Production Unit (1.1) https://shapingthesilence.com/tech/hexboard-midi-controller/ Since 2023.

The ["Arduino" firmware](https://sr.ht/~earboxer/HexBoard/) remains the official firmware for the HexBoard, but QMK can be used as an alternative which offers keyboard functionality.

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

> ```sh
> # make the default keymap (demo of basic QMK features)
> make hexboard/1_1:default
> # make the midi keymap (similar to the official firmware)
> make hexboard/1_1:midi
> # make the 'keyboard' keymap (part keyboard, part music device)
> make hexboard/1_1:keyboard
> # make the 'keyboard' keymap for the dev unit
> make hexboard/dev:keyboard
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    make hexboard/1_1:default
    make hexboard/dev:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make hexboard/1_1:default:flash
    make hexboard/dev:default:flash
```
